Update information about certificates (#424)
k3s-io/docs: docs/cli/certificate.md

## Client and Server Certificates

K3s client and server certificates are valid for 365 days from their date of issuance. Any certificates that are expired or within 120 days to expire are automatically renewed every time K3s starts. This renewal extends the lifetime of the existing certs. If you require new certificates and keys, use the [k3s CLI](#rotating-client-and-server-certificates)

:::info CERTIFICATE EXPIRATION WARNING
When a certificate is within 120 days of expiring a Kubernetes Warning event with reason: `CertificateExpirationWarning` is created
:::

:::info Version Gate

> Prior to the May 2025 releases: v1.33.1+k3s1, v1.32.5+k3s1, v1.31.9+k3s1, v1.30.13+k3s1, the 120 days windows was 90 days. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to the May 2025 releases: v1.33.1+k3s1, v1.32.5+k3s1, v1.31.9+k3s1, v1.30.13+k3s1, alerts and rotation were triggered at 90 days, instead of 120 days. 
```

```bash
FILENAME                    SUBJECT                     USAGES       EXPIRES                  RESIDUAL TIME   STATUS
--------                    -------                     ------       -------                  -------------   ------
client-kube-proxy.crt       system:kube-proxy           ClientAuth   Jun 09, 2026 10:17 UTC   1 year          OK
client-kube-proxy.crt       k3s-client-ca@1749464211    CertSign     Jun 07, 2035 10:16 UTC   10 years        OK
client-kubelet.crt          system:node:ip-10-11-0-14   ClientAuth   Jun 09, 2026 10:17 UTC   1 year          OK
client-kubelet.crt          k3s-client-ca@1749464211    CertSign     Jun 07, 2035 10:16 UTC   10 years        OK
serving-kubelet.crt         ip-10-11-0-14               ServerAuth   Jun 09, 2026 10:17 UTC   1 year          OK
serving-kubelet.crt         k3s-server-ca@1749464211    CertSign     Jun 07, 2035 10:16 UTC   10 years        OK
client-k3s-controller.crt   system:k3s-controller       ClientAuth   Jun 09, 2026 10:17 UTC   1 year          OK
client-k3s-controller.crt   k3s-client-ca@1749464211    CertSign     Jun 07, 2035 10:16 UTC   10 years        OK
```

:::info SAME CERTIFICATE TWICE

> Each certificate file (CERTIFICATE column) contains two certificates, including the certificate itself and its issuing Certificate Authority (CA) with usage CertSign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each certificate file (FILENAME column) contains at least two certificates - the leaf (or end entity) client/server certificate, any intermediate Certificate Authority certificates, and the root Certificate Authority certificate.
```

Author: good catch
